# vim: ft=conf :

command =
initial-command = "/bin/bash -l -c 'tmux-project ~'"

font-size = 15
font-family = "IBM Plex Mono"
font-style = "Regular"
font-style-bold = "SemiBold"
font-style-italic = "Italic"
font-style-bold-italic = "SemiBold Italic"
font-thicken = true
# Disable ligatures.
font-feature = "-calt"
font-feature = "-liga"
font-feature = "-dlig"

theme = raider

window-height = 40
window-width = 120
window-step-resize = true
window-padding-x = 5
window-padding-y = 5
window-padding-balance = true
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
quit-after-last-window-closed = true

cursor-invert-fg-bg = true
cursor-style-blink = false
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

macos-option-as-alt = right
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true

# Retro terminal logo!
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-frame = beige
macos-icon-ghost-color = 2bb469
macos-icon-screen-color = 2a2a2a,2bb469
